♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only you... ♫
[Dachae Media]
Oh my.
Thank you.
Senior...
The column was good!
Same here.
Agreed.
These brats...
Whether it's good or bad, we should go get scolded.
I just arrived, so I need to sort this out a bit—
Follow me.
Like a magazine reporter should do, I will persuade the readers.
Persuade? You didn't post an apology like I told you to!
Who told you to write a diary like this?!
Is being a reporter a joke?
Are you looking down on the readers?!
Are you not scared of me?
Thankfully, I didn't get in as much trouble as I thought I would.
Drink up. I'll buy today.
Are you buying because I'll be unemployed tomorrow?
I forgot my ID for job search sites.
My resignation should help you out.
It's not that I don't understand the company's perspective, but my life is the one that will reset if my career is interrupted.
It's hard to get transferred somewhere as a chief editor.
And what can I learn at this age that I can start something new?
Are you saying... you're quitting?
They say my baby is having febrile seizures.
If something goes wrong, it could affect the brain, so I have to stay by her side.
It's not serious though.
But I'm not looking after the oldest child that well either.
Because I forgot, my child
slept at the childcare center for a week without a blanket.
I was angry on top of feeling sorry.
So I'm planning to quit.
But... so suddenly—
I need to quit suddenly for you to not get fired.
You're the only one who has been loyal to "the baby" for 15 years.
Is there anybody who has more loyalty and affection for it than you?
How does not having a baby become a reason for disqualification?
Even if the magazine's credibility goes up because one has a child, what's the point if you can't see your child?
- Manager...
- Even if I quit, I'm going to pass over the chief editor position to you before I do.
This is completely due to my self-interest.
No matter how badly I treated you guys, you were the only one who understood my sincerity.
I'd like for you to be the chief editor.
Drink.
There was no curative effects last time, but would you still like to try?
What if you come to love someone?
Have you never thought about wanting to be a father?
I never did.
Who knew that I'd hurt this much because of you?
Stop it!
- Ow!
- Let go! Stop it!
Han Yisang!
What are you doing?
I wish you'd be a little more pleased to see me...
It looks like you want to be alone, so I'll go.
Don't go.
Do you want to talk with me?
Okay.
What'd you do today?
Living is like homework, so I was trying to solve it.
I want to get the answer right, but it's hard.
Oh, that's very deep. Looks like my question was philosophical.
"Well, after finishing work and idly lying around,
I went out for a walk in the park, but suddenly thought about Jang Hari."
I thought you'd give an answer like that.
Why would you think about me?
Right.
Why did I... think of you?
Well, you could!
We've bumped into each other a lot here, and as a fellow resident of this neighborhood, you could suddenly wonder what I'm doing,
whether or not I'm coming out for a walk... you could be curious.
I was thinking what a strange person you were.
Usually, people will pretend to not be hurt even if they are,
will hide their scars, and cover up their weaknesses.
But... when I look at you,
I become embarrassed of myself for trying so hard to pretend to be strong.
Like asking a man that you don't really like
to marry, the shock was big.
How... could you confess to the world?
You're brave, Jang Hari.
I'm saying this because I'm drunk, but...
Jang Hari... you did well.
This is... instead of a stamp.
Because of you, my heart feels very soft and fuzzy.
Thank you... for noticing.
Mother!
Oh? Yisang!
Go carefully.
Why did you come without contacting me?
Why would I? I know you're busy.
I left the fermented flatfish with the security office.
But... who's that?
- Hello.
- Ah, yes, nice to meet you.
She's a coworker. Let's go inside.
I... I'm not really curious about your house.
Let go of me. Let go.
What's your name?
I'm Jang Hari.
Hari!
Wow! Her name is as pretty as her face.
Thank you.
You should go.
- Mother, I'll escort you.
- To where?
Let go, let go!
It looks like you're coming back from being out together.
Don't worry.
I... barely go to his house.
So you can come anytime and have fun in a comfortable manner.
No. That...
We're not that type of relation, Mother.
Ex-Excuse me, you should go. I'm sorry.
- Hey, hey, you did well.
- Mom!
- You did well.
- Please don't be like that.
- Let go of me for a bit.
- M-Mother!
- Aigoo, Mom, you should go inside and—
- I like him!
- Huh?
- That's right.
I... like Han Yisang.
Is that so?
So... don't worry.
Y-Y-Yes. Aigoo.
Aigoo, thank you. Thank you.
The taxi is coming. Let's meet again later.
Goodbye.
Yisang! I'm going!
- Why?
- Did you eat?
Are you crazy? Do you know what time it is?
- Have you had intestines?
- Why are you talking about intestines?
I'm craving them, but they don't come in single servings.
I said I already ate.
So have some intestines.
Go on up, wash, and sleep. I stopped eating intestines.
Did I do something wrong?
Why is it all so easy for you?
No, it seemed like your mother was worrying too much, so—
Can you fall in love just by looking at someone?
We aren't that—
We're not young.
If we're not able to accept each other, we shouldn't start it.
Why is it so complicated?
Because I know the ending.
You... want a child.
I don't.
You getting hurt... I can't take responsibility for it.
Han Yisang...
I take responsibility for my own heart.
It seems I made a mistake because my feelings got ahead of me.
So that I don't misunderstand in the future, please be careful, too.
It must be the signs of a wretched fate.
You said you weren't going to eat.
You should have asked me to have a drink.
But I'm not going to drink.
How can you eat intestines without drinking soju?
I'll get drunk.
I don't know who it is, but a man who makes you worry isn't it.
What man?
If not, then never mind.
Getting excited over that small thing... I was the only one.
That?
I had firmly made up my mind that I didn't need a man.
To lose rationality over that paltry little moment...
Perhaps... a kiss?
I lost my judgment since I haven't done it for a long time.
You slept with him?!
What nonsense are you spouting?
Quiet down!
If you didn't sleep with him, then never mind. I got so shocked.
With just a touch
or a gaze, I become captivated. Even though I'm 40 soon.
I think it's best for you to live alone.
Why are you giving your whole heart away to a man who doesn't do anything?
Retrieve your heart.
It would've been different if we had been 20, right?
Even if we had met at 30, he wouldn't have been this hesitant.
Like how I don't have time...
he probably has a complicated reason.
Why are you trying to understand him?!
What's so important about that man's situation?! You said you didn't have time.
You punk. Why didn't you talk to me when I'm a doctor?
I didn't know pediatricians could deal with infertility.
We can all do counseling.
Ah, seriously.
So what are you feeling? You said you didn't have time to date and then marry.
You said you've never been happy because of a man before in your life.
You still want to have expectations?
It's because I'm trying to fold my expectations that I'm hurting.
It would've been nice if I was 20 today.
So that I could at least try hanging onto him for giving me butterflies.
[Episode 7: The Right Amount of Space to Prevent Heartbreak]
You can just take the background out of focus.
There's no background to take out of focus.
Are you insisting because you don't know?
Don't you think we can do something like this with the props we have over there?
Isn't that up to your ability?
Bring in the right props first then. I don't need you to judge my ability to take photos, Reporter Choi.
You sure make your work difficult when you can just take the photos as ordered.
Reporter Choi, let's keep our basic manners while working.
Looking down on others hardly hides your own lack of talent.
Chief Han.
Take the pictures by how the reporter in charge wants it.
From planning the article to getting the pictorial's concept to preparing the props, Reporter Choi did everything.
We'll make the final decision after seeing how the photos come out.
If we have to re-shoot, then you're uselessly working twice.
- Can the editing team use the photographing department's time and effort so thoughtlessly?
- That also...
leave that decision up to the reporter in charge.
- Take care of it, please.
- Okay.
I took your side so that you could take responsibility.
You know it, right? That you did wrong?
I couldn't let him have the upper hand when he's just an outside hire.
No matter how in-demand he is,
shouldn't he listen to the reporter?
Do you see me as your superior?
The photography and art teams are our partners, not underlings.
I feel sorry toward you.
Because I was afraid of being called an oldie, I didn't teach you the things that I should have.
Since it's obvious you won't like listening to me saying "do this, do that, don't do it."
My assumption that you would just learn by our example was a failure to do my duty.
I... don't plan on working here for a long time.
I know. You job search every day.
Is that why you're just doing your work half-ass?
I've never done my work half-ass. I try and do well.
Instead of pretending to do well, you should actually do well.
Working without pride will make the workplace seem like hell.
I'm going to start saying things you won't like. I also won't say things like, "This is enough."
Until you produce better results, I won't stop hounding you.
So that wherever you go, you'll receive an acknowledgment from what you learned here.
You can quit once you make a portfolio that you can show others proudly.
Let's take a break.
I picked the photo for the infertile couple.
They must have seen and learned from my frank manner of speaking to you.
I'm sorry I let them act thoughtlessly.
Okay.
Because of me...
I hope that your feelings haven't been hurt.
It seems I made a mistake because my feelings got ahead of me.
So that I don't misunderstand in the future, please be careful, too.
I...
broke off the engagement with a longtime girlfriend.
And... gave up on getting married. And a baby is not in my life.
I didn't want my heart to flutter, but you began to sway me.
My actions were unclear, and it's understandable why you took it the wrong way.
In the end, it was a misunderstanding.
I thought about it for a short time,
but I still like being alone.
I've thought about living alone for a long time,
so I've decided on the path that my life will take.
I'm sorry...
for confusing you.
I'll accept your apology.
You said you didn't want your heart to flutter, right? Same here.
Even though it was for a short time, I was uncomfortable having complicated feelings.
Let's see each other comfortably.
Okay. Sure.
[Jambi Studio]
♫ A cold season passes by ♫
♫ You, the one I've waited for, are coming ♫
♫ At the end of a long day ♫
♫ You're still standing there ♫
♫ Like the stars, your name enters my heart ♫
♫ I try calling it one last time ♫
♫ I'm still with you, in the same moment ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to stay by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days, goodbye ♫
- Wow, so cool.
♫  ...all my lonely days, now and forever... ♫
[The Right Toothpaste For My Child]
Is it all like this?
Why are they like this?
Is this the first time you've bartered for anything? These expire in just six months.
Looks like they dumped unwanted product on us, so what do you intend to do?
He's a newcomer. Go easy on him.
I was talking to you.
Oh, right.
Didn't you ask the advertising team to check the expiration dates?
No, that... I...
I was going to...
I heard it but forgot. I'm sorry.
We can't send this out as a giveaway to readers. Go get another batch.
How are we going to return these? It was hard to get these—
Let's do it with words, not talk with your eyes.
Figure it out yourself, and get the new ones here.
Okay.
You understand, right?
Yes.
Bye.
Yes, I got it.
Goodbye.
I was going to tell them, but I was so surprised from the fake slippers that I forgot.
I see.
But... did you help me out earlier?
I thought it would be best if you didn't get in trouble.
It seemed like you were scolded earlier. So if you were to get scolded again, I thought you'd be very angry.
But... why do you keep getting told off?
I get told off 'cause I'm new.
I wasn't told off!
You just have a lot of anger, I see.
But... I was only going to say hello since you told me to,
but you keep talking to me first.
Are you... arguing about me talking to you first right now?
No, no, no. More than just saying hello, I like it better when we talk.
Then... shall we talk longer next time?
I'll be going. Fighting!
That's a confession, right?
Why does he confess like that?
What is that smile? It really offends me. What are you asking for?
To eat.
Why would you come all the way here and buy me food?
Because I hate eating alone. Let's go.
You look like you're scheming something.
Hurry up and come!
Here.
I don't have money.
I don't have time either. I can't do anything.
I came to just eat a meal together.
Relax your eyes and let's enjoy the food.
I've thought about it after putting our 39 years of friendship on the line...
Are you a terminally ill patient?
If so, I have no reason to not make your last wish come true.
I'll marry you.
Five minutes. No, think about it for a minute.
It tastes good.
At least pretend to think about it.
Honey, is the food almost ready?
- Did you launder my socks?
- Socks?
I need my white shirt to be ironed stiffly for tomorrow.
I'm going to take a bath after eating, so set the water's temperature to 39.5 degrees Celsius.
I'm a bit sensitive.
I've lost my appetite. Just hire a nice housekeeper!
Why do you hate it that much? Is it that much of a "no"?
Then, did you think it would be a yes?
I'm thankful that you're worried for me, but why put our friendship on the line?
What's wrong with you lately? Am I that pitiful?
I... these days...
am lonely.
Is it andropause? Do you feel lonely all of a sudden, feel empty without any reason, and feel like crying?
It's closer to puberty. Swinging from dislike to like, and feeling irritable all of a sudden.
That's why you have to look after me, so I don't go astray.
I'm looking at you now. Eat.
Thoroughly chew and eat. You'll get indigestion.
Wait in here, please.
I don't know when the team leader will be back either.
She'll probably be here before she gets fired.
Ah, yeah...
[Resignation Form]
[I am no longer able to fulfill my work obligations due to childcare needs.]
I wasn't telling you to resign,
more like temporary retirement.
That, to me, are words for resignation.
And... it's about time for me to quit.
I should leave my spot for the younger ones to get promoted.
It's not like I can hold onto you since your child is sick.
Then... can you keep on coming till we find a replacement?
No.
I'm going to transfer my position to Deputy Editor Jang and quit right away.
Resigning suddenly like this
doesn't mean she'll automatically be promoted to chief editor. Acting chief editor, at most.
I also... treasure Deputy Editor Jang.
But the chairman's rage is so big that it'll be hard for Deputy Jang.
So... you should stay here until we find a replacement.
Okay.
Have a good day.
Hey, Joo Seungtae.
(T/N: informal manner)
Be a loyal dog to the chairman, or take care of your subordinates. Pick one of the two.
Or do both well.
Have a good day!
You were here?
You didn't leave yet?
I was at Cheonwang all day,
and couldn't see Team Leader Park. So I'm still here 'cause I didn't do anything today.
Were you just blindly waiting?
Did Manager Kim order you?
It's my work, so I have to figure it out.
Deputy Editor, I learned a lot from your column.
Learning is a bit...
- I should do well to maintain my private life.
- Hey.
I also need to be more courageous.
I'm too young to determine if it was right or wrong,
I just think you're amazing.
About what?
I'm not sure about what I want to do, so I'm just floating about right now.
But you know exactly what you want.
You're living your life.
And it may be something that others might have never thought of,
and it could be something that someone has thought about but couldn't do.
You're cool.
You're able to understand me?
Yes. Your dream isn't illegal.
Go inside.
Okay. Work hard.
[Advertising Team: CHOIKANG EUTTEUM]
What brings you here, Reporter Choi?
I'm exactly like Chow Yun Fat, right?
Wh- what fat?
She doesn't know.
Has Mr. Eutteum not come to work yet?
He left for work to Cheonan.
Team Leader Park there... He's really something else.
If it's not beneficial for them, they don't pick up the phone or meet up with you.
You sent Eutteum to that place?
Why? Can I not send him?
Euttuem isn't someone who'll come back with something. He'll get scammed.
You're sure saying nonsense.
Why is she...?
Yes, Hyojoo?
Are you going to keep on being there?
I'll have to wait. It's my work.
Don't be like that and come back quickly!
What's going on?
No, I said there's something.
There's this, there's that. There's so much to do, so you should hurry and come back.
Who is it? Eutteum?
Yes. He's still in Cheonan.
He's so innocent. The guy won't even meet with him. He's indefinitely waiting.
Why did he send Eutteum to such a place?
Anyway, isn't this not it?
Yeonwoo, did Cheonwang's proposal come out yet?
Just a second.
Is there a meeting? I reserved this room for 11.
No, go ahead.
Work hard. Work hard.
I got your project proposition from Reporter Park. I don't think anything will be problematic.
Uh...
Eutteum.
Oh? Why are you here, Deputy Editor?
But the problem is right here.
Are subcontractors supposed to shut up and just do as they're told while being punished here like this?
We weren't punishing him, but—
When you're a newcomer, you're always wary of your superiors and worry about all the mistakes you've made today.
And punish yourself wondering if you should be turning in a resignation letter.
They already get overwhelmed by the printer. They shouldn't have to worry about not receiving common courtesy from their coworkers.
I apologize.
We were busy and inconsiderate of you.
Yes, Sir.
PD, you guys are leaving the work to us because you trust us. Right?
We believe that we have a trusting relationship with Cheonwang.
Let's keep getting along.
I'll put you through to the team leader right away.
Thank you.
Team Leader, just a moment.
Hello, this is Deputy Editor Jang Hari from "the baby."
I came because of the toothpaste,
but it seems like you're quite busy, so maybe I should just bring the matter to the chairman...
or maybe I could head up to the president's office?
Wow, you've done it!
Oh! Chief!
Han Yisang?
- Aren't you happy to see me?
- Yeah.
What an over-the-top greeting.
You made a lot of money.
I did.
- Have you been well?
- Of course.
He's not only at peace but laughs? Wow, he ignores my lips but hugs her like that?
I'm feeling nervous since I'm making a comeback after such a long time.
Maybe it's because you became a mother, but your aura became a lot softer.
Really?
You look a lot better.
Oh my, you were here.
I... drink fresh juice after eating my meal, you see.
Ah... this is "the baby" magazine's Jang Hari.
You know her, right? Kang Yoojoo.
- Kang Yoojoo. Yes, yes.
- Hello.
- It's nice to meet you.
- Chief Han Yisang and I are colleagues who are very comfortable with each other.
I think it'll be great if you could be in our magazine one day.
It'll be good!
Don't mind me and talk comfortably among yourselves.
She has a very bright personality.
She looks like it. Speaking of, I got a pictorial offer.
I feel all this pressure. I've had two kids now and people are going to start talking.
That after all this time, my figure is saggy and my face is haggard. It would be the worst!
Pressure?
Back then or right now, Kang Yoojoo is at the top.
And that's precisely why I'm saying this.
You should take my pictures.
I wouldn't be "taking" anything. It'll be an honor for me.
You know how much I like you. Please take the photos for me.
I really want you to take them.
From my younger days, you always made me pretty and my figure, since you understand all my angles.
No matter what the angles are, you're pretty.
It seems you are very close to Kang Yoojoo.
I've photographed her from the time of her debut, so that's how we got to be close.
Since you're working with actresses, you must have high standards.
I just like a women who is very pretty and petite enough,
while behaving very disgracefully.
"Pretty?" Very pretty at that? And behaving disgracefully?
You don't have to pick out the exact qualities I don't have to draw the line.
Well, no matter how much you think about it, I guess I'm not it, but I, too,
as brief as a cherry blossom that's blowing in the wind and as light as cotton,
those were my feelings.
See? Even if we lock eyes, I couldn't be more unbothered. It's so comfortable.
But I'm uncomfortable.
I'm trying hard to comfortably see you. Since I have to see you.
You must really hate seeing me.
Then if possible, I'll film only with Sanghee.
I'm saying that I need to see you, even this way.
Deputy Editor.
Eutteum, make sure the toothpaste sells out within three months.
I asked you to finish the advertisement page. When will it be done?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Uh... I... thought about it very seriously and thoroughly.
And I came to understand what you told me as I looked at your column.
Because you are really cool in my eyes,
and the person you are looking for is me,
I'll give it to you!
What?
Because of that, you became the Sperm Lady.
You wouldn't have gone through all that if you had a donor.
Of course, it's obvious you need a sperm to bear a child.
But after seeing you get humiliated,
as someone who has a lot of sperm,
I can't stand still.
I t-t-think you can stop talking now.
You must be shy. Then how about this?
Why don't we call it Jungsoon or Jungsik instead?
(T/N: Names that sound similar to "sperm" in Korean)
Wh-Why don't we stop talking about that. Stop.
Why? You said you didn't have much time left.
But I don't think this is it.
I... I... Deputy Editor!
♫ Don't say anything ♫
♫ Like fate, you're still with me ♫
♫ I only look at you ♫
♫ You, the only person who will approach me ♫
What are you doing here?
- Your coffee.
- Thank you.
♫ When I get closer, you become painful ♫
♫ like a dream moving far away ♫
♫ What should I do? ♫
Director!
Director, I'm going home now.
All right, good work today.
Oh, we received a plant delivery.
[Cardiothoracic Surgeon - Seo Jeongwon]
Where is Doha? I'll go pick her up.
I already told them I'd be late. I'll clean this up and go pick her up.
Suh Jeongwon?
Doha's mother?
Do I have to let the residential center know before I throw away a plant?
Why would you waste this? It looks expensive.
Even if you take it off, I'll know who sent it.
She sent this to bother you. So that you'll think of her when you see this.
I need to get rid of it completely. So she won't do this again.
Look at that wench, Doha's mother.
Of course, someone so smart and pretty would also be manipulative.
Hold on... Did Youngok's store...
Did they open?
We have to prepare for Doha's first birthday party.
I think a cream-toned convention would be nice.
Let's invite about 100 people. Are your parents coming from the U.S.?
Didn't we get divorced?
I agreed to receive child support payments and ended things.
Why? Do you not want to give child support?
Then don't give it.
Receive the child support. Let's do the celebration together. I'm Doha's mother.
Doha goes to daycare. She's been there less than a month, but she gets along with the other kids.
She eats so well, that if you give her rice in soup, she'll eat a whole bowl.
At first, she said "ba ba," but now she says, "appa" (dad).
But she doesn't say "umma" (mom).
You should be asking about the child's wellbeing.
If you're her mother, you should be asking if she's healthy,
if she's eating well, if she's sleeping okay.
You should worry about that first.
You're not Doha's mother. I'll take care of her first birthday party.
I've gotten better now.
I came here because I want to get better. I've never not loved you.
You've never not been selfish,
but giving up on Hari and choosing you, I was stupid.
Did she insert herself into our relationship?
No.
You... inserted yourself into Hari's and my relationship.
We're done washing up now.
Oh, how refreshing!
Give Doha to me and go eat.
I ate so much for lunch that I'm still full. You eat, Auntie.
Just eat a little bit.
I'm fine. I'm going to go rest!
All right, let's go to sleep.
No matter how much they hate each other,
a baby needs a mother's love.
My Doha's so pretty all washed up!
Who do you take after that you're so pretty?
What? Daddy?
Doha... now you're going to daycare,
and growing well even living with Daddy, so thank you.
It was rough because we were left alone, remember?
But we learned how to live with what we had, right?
So now Daddy, Grandma, and Aunt Hari
will love you even more.
You'll be fine without a mom.
Moving forward, let's do well just the two of us.
Hello! Hello!
I came to ask about the sizing for the Book & Book.
Could I search the manager's desk?
Yes, go ahead.
Thank you!
Did the company have a predetermined size that's different from the previous Book & Book sizes?
Yes, they told me they sent it to her, but I don't see it.
Take a look at her notebook.
She sent it to me via email.
I'll forward it to you.
All right.
Thank you! Good work!
Good work!
Everyone, I have good news.
The regular subscription rate increased by 0.1%.
It must be due to Deputy Editor Jang's influence, right?
I have even better news.
What is it? Are we getting a bonus?
Yes, I'll give you a prize.
I'm quitting.
I'll be off first.
Have a good night!
Work is going so well.
[Emergency Room Tteokbokki[
I think it's going to be too spicy.
It'll be fine. Just fine.
Hello!
Were you guys craving something spicy, too?
I love tteokboki! But why are you guys craving something spicy?
Who stressed my reporters out?!
The editor-in-chief is quitting.
Why?
Our editor has loyalty.
Only you guys didn't know.
Only you knew that because she favored you.
I thought she only disliked you.
Hari, you must be disappointed.
You might as well be in a coma.
This is perfect. Spicy and yummy.
It's a big deal because your boss' newborn is sick.  Enjoy your meal.  Okay?
Goodnight!
Senior, please...
Oh, this is so delicious.
That's what I'm saying.
Please give me one more!
Ignore that last order.
I told you to eat the mild one.
The baby model from yesterday... I uploaded the B-cuts to the Web-Hard service.
Thank you. That's a gift in place of the performance pay.
The moms are probably going to be happy.
Stop eating that.
I'll be off!
Goodnight!
Oh, spicy!
What? Where are you going?
Mr. Han Yisang!
What are you trying to do right now?
You drew the line. Then you shouldn't cross it.
Showing your feelings but not acting on it is hurtful to me, too.
Don't continue confusing me or shaking me up.
It wasn't light-hearted... and it wasn't easy for me to stop.
I... was clumsy.
Because there's no "next" for us?
The reason why I decided we can't was because of my issues.
So... I hope that you don't think it was because of you.
Not being greedy when I can't take responsibility...
I believed I was being considerate and respectful towards you.
That's probably the extent of your feelings.
If it's right to cut things off coldly, I'll give that a shot.
I'm sorry.
♫ I'm still with you, in the same moment ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to stay by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days  ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my lonely days ♫
♫ Goodbye ♫
If it's right to cut things off coldly, I'll give that a shot.
Senior! Did you find what you were looking for?
Yeah, pretty much.
To think the chief editor would resign because of her kid.
I don't think I would be able to handle it if my kids were sick.
The more I think about it, the more I think it was a good choice not to have kids.
You don't think you'll ever change your mind about it, Yunho?
The two of us are living well and happily, so why?
While I don't want my life to be dictated by having a child, the biggest hurdle is financial, realistically.
See, you'd have to pay the child's tuition until graduation and chip in for their wedding.
What if you just get old while struggling to buy a house and supporting your kid?
My husband and I won't be able to earn or have fun.
We've never wanted kids, so the suggestion that we should is an act of aggression.
I see how that could be.
How's the project going? You should just seduce and marry him.
What marriage?
I'm scared now that he wants to give it to me. I feel sorry, too.
Is it 'cause he's so young?
He's slow-witted and always happy.
What? It's Eutteum?!
Look at you being so quick-witted.
Keep it a secret.
It wasn't Chief Han?
No, it's not him.
Eutteum is way too young.
Me being too old is the problem.
I didn't know being old was something to be this sad over.
I don't know anymore why my feelings are like this.
I can't tell him either.
What's this? What do I do?
What do I do?
Okay.
That's what I'm saying.
- Oh!
- It's amazing.
How long has it been?
Attention, attention.
Okay, what event is this?
- Chief Editor's...
- Farewell party!
Yes, yes. We are so excited.
Since the juniors are like this, the chief editor may feel very sad.
So we should listen to her last words, right?
- I'm going to take back my resignation letter.
- I'll skip this part then.
Okay. In order to happily send her off,
we have prepared a huge present.
Okay, enter the present. Woohoo!
Receive it!
Go out.
What do you mean, go out?
[the baby]
We made it out of all the precious articles you've written.
To use as a portfolio when you come back out of retirement.
Thank you.
Why is the atmosphere like this?
Sing.
Sing! Sing! Sing—
Let's stop. Stop.
Gosh, I feel like dying.
- I'm not leaving. The person who leaves is a traitor.
- You're right.
Rock, paper, scissors!
No one is allowed to go home after this, okay?
I knew this would happen.
Why are you packing your stuff during your farewell party?
Because I don't want to come out tomorrow.
You were going to leave without saying goodbye because you're embarrassed?
Come out tomorrow. Let's eat lunch together and let us see you off.
It's bothersome. You should go and take care of them. They're probably drunk.
I don't want to. I want to take care of you.
Being nice is also a disease. Don't try and take in everybody once you're the chief editor.
You need to be mean when you need to.
I don't even know if they'll give me that position.
If they don't, tell me. I'll come with my baby.
It seems you'll really come.
Are you not going to follow?
Let's go together.
Hurry!
Are you really just going to leave?
At least say goodbye. Since it's the last.
Shall I cry while hugging them tightly?
Wouldn't it be embarrassing if I see them again?
That's true. It'll be very embarrassing!
- Chief editor. Chief editor!
- Hey.
I'm going to hit you.
I'm thankful for you.
Very... much.
Me too.
Thank you.
You called a driver?
Yes.
What are we doing?
Why are you leaving?
Oh, it's Hari!
Let's go for round two.
We have to go for round two!
Ow!
Go home! Hurry!
This car is round two.
You all head in first.
I'll take care of everything,
so go for the second round.
Goodbye!!!
Wait!
Let's go!
I have to pay.
Into this car for round two!
You're not supposed to get in the car that way.
Hang on.
- Stay here.
- General Manager!
Get in.
Eutteum! Get a hold of yourself.
Deputy Editor, I have something to say...
Mr. Eutteum, snap out of it. Are you okay?
I'll take care of things on this end.
You go and help them inside.
I'll help over here so you can go there.
Chief, help us here.
I have something to say to Deputy Editor.
I'll-I'll figure something out.
Just get in.
I... have something to confess...
Mr. Eutteum, you know who I am, right?
- You're my aunt.
- What?
Deputy Editor!
Get a hold of yourself.
All right!
I shouldn't get in this car.
Excuse me, I called a taxi, so we're gonna go wait over there. You take care of them there.
Okay, okay.
- My car, my car.
- It's this one.
But this isn't my car! My car is a—
You're going to round two.
- Mr. Eutteum.
- I have something to say.
Sit, sit.
I'm going crazy.
Go!
I understand how you feel.
Tell me how hard it was for you.
A junior who is 12 years younger...
Why do you age?
Age? You're crazy.
Don't worry anymore. I made up my mind.
Why isn't he coming?
That's not important.
Ah, why do I look like such a mess?
Are you trying to look good in front of me?
What?
I also... want to look good in front of you.
Ah, seriously.
♫ All the way over there ♫
♫ I see you, my heart flutters ♫
♫ Did you know words like these ♫
♫ You, who has had my heart from the beginning ♫
♫ Even with my eyes closed and my ears blocked ♫
♫ My broken heart once again runs for you ♫
[Oh My Baby Preview]
I think I like Deputy Editor. I wanted to get advice from you two.
We're like allies, aren't we?
No, we aren't.
No, try it once.
How could he kiss me without my permission?
A kiss that I haven't had for 10 years. 10 years!
But why does it not feel like 10 years?
I remember.
Do you see me as a man?
I... only see you as a man now.
♫ You are so beautiful ♫